# Remote Attack Scenario
In this scenario, a remote attacker is able to acquire sensitive user info from arbitrary users, unbind their locks, and bind them to the attacker's account, using only a series of API calls. Such a scenario would then provide ample opportunity for successful large-scale phishing/malspam attacks against OKLOK users because the attacker would be in possession of user account information that he/she could utilize in the email to make it seem more legitimate. The attacker could also use the fact that the lock has indeed been bound to another account as a pretext to convince users that urgent action is required. Additionally, this scenario would give an attacker a list of email addresses and corresponding unsalted MD5 password hashes, many of which could be cracked and used in credential stuffing attacks against other services. Also, an attacker could bypass email verification and change each victim's password. The attacker would essentially have free rein with the victims' accounts. The attacker in this remote scenario would likely target a large range of victims at once. An attacker would not need prior knowledge of victim accounts, and would only need to supply random userIDs to a succession of API calls, using the attacker's own authorization token, in order to achieve this remote attack scenario.

# Physically Proximate Attack Scenario
In this scenario, an attacker unbinds a pyhsically proximate lock from a victim account, binds the lock to the attacker's account, unlocks the lock (steals the victim's property), and retrieves the user account information associated with the lock, using only a series of API calls. Part of the information obtained is an unsalted MD5 password hash, which could be cracked and used for credential stuffing against other services. Otherwise, the attacker could attempt to brute force the account with the email address that was found, so that the password could be discovered and tried against other services. The attacker could further frustrate the user by bypassing email verification to change the victim's account password at any time desired. Like in the remote scenario, the attacker would also be poised to send a convincing phishing/malspam email to the user to inflict further damage. The attacker in this scenario would likely target one user at a time, since physical proximity to a lock is required. The attacker would not need prior knowledge of the victim account. They would need to scan for the MAC address and use it to initiate a succession of API calls to achieve this physically proximate attack scenario.

# Acknowledgements
Both scenarios took inspiration from the PoC [here](https://github.com/securelayer7/pwnfb50/blob/master/pwnfb50.py), which unbinds a victim lock and binds it to an attacker account. See Acknowledgements section on the root README.md.
